Update README.md (#1)
pydefenders/pydefenders: README.md

# pydefenders

> PyDefenders is an open source community to connect security defenders (aka blue teams) to working with Python and Jupyter tools and libraries. The use of Python is widespread among defender teams. The use of Jupyter notebooks for investigation and hunting is growing in popularity. However, finding tools and examples of code and notebooks that support defender activities is not easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyDefenders is an open source community to connect security defenders (aka. blue teams) who use and love Python. The use of Python is widespread among defender teams, and the use of tools like Jupyter Notebooks for investigation and hunting is growing in popularity. However, finding tools and examples of code and notebooks that support defender activities is not easy.
```

Reviewer: what do you think about something like this?

## What do we want to do?

- Provide a central location where we can accumulate code, knowledge and links to other resources for defenders.
- Members of the community are free to create and maintain repos under the pydefenders organization

> ## Examples of Tools and Resource that we want to build and encourage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples of Tools and Resources that we want to build and encourage
```

- Parsing and processing for common logs and data
- Visualizations - timelines, process trees, anomaly graphs, etc.
- Jupyter widgets that help make authoring and reading notebooks simpler

## Founding principles

> - Be agnostic to platforms and products - although we welcome contributions of tools and code developed for a specific product (e.g. ArcSight, Splunk, Azure Sentinel, etc.) the community itself is not tied and does not favor andy specific commercial or open source solutions.

Reviewer 2: Should probably change "andy" to "and".

> - Be agnostic to platforms and products - although we welcome contributions of tools and code developed for a specific product (e.g. ArcSight, Splunk, Azure Sentinel, etc.) the community itself is not tied and does not favor andy specific commercial or open source solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be agnostic to platforms and products - although we welcome contributions of tools and code developed for a specific product (e.g. ArcSight, Splunk, Azure Sentinel, etc.) the community itself is not tied to and does not favor any specific commercial or open source solutions.
```

- Link rather than re-write - wherever possible, we want to point people to existing work rather than re-implement it.

## Repo Organization
This repo is intended to be a place for documentation and to store and organize links to related repos and sites. Code and notebook samples can also be submitted here but Python packages should have dedicated repos. 

### Main documents

- Python tools - links to python packages

> - Blogs and docs - useful documents and articles

Reviewer: maybe something like:
```suggestion
- Blogs and docs - useful documents, articles, videos, or presentations
```
Obviously I'm biased on that one 😄  but I think there were at least a couple of talks at PyCon this year that would warrant linking.

> - Wishlist - list of gaps that we want to fill

Reviewer: Maybe add one more section?
```suggestion
- Wishlist - list of gaps that we want to fill

### Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter
Join the conversation in the [security-defenders-sig@python.org](https://mail.python.org/mailman3/lists/security-defenders-sig.python.org/) mailing list. 
```
